2023 SC election results (#1467)
knative/community: elections/2023-SC/results.md

## 2023 SC Member Election Results

We are happy to announce the results of the 2023 Knative Steering Committee (SC) election results!

> Please welcome Ali Ok and Evan Anderson as new SC member. They will serve a 2 years term ending in 2025 starting immediately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please welcome Ali Ok and Evan Anderson as new SC members. They will serve a 2 year term ending in 2025 starting immediately.
```

We would also like to extend our deepest gratitude to the SC members stepping down for their outstanding service:

> Lance Ball and Carlos Santana, who are both ending their two years term.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lance Ball and Carlos Santana, who are both ending their terms.
```

Cheers,
Dawn Foster and Reto Lehmann

> TOC Election Officers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SC Election Officers
```
